Fix typos, grammar, and consistency in Encryption, Contributing, and BinaryProtocolExtensions docs (#578)
apache/parquet-format: CONTRIBUTING.md

   weight to a feature's desirability but are not sufficient for acceptance of a
   new feature.

Unless otherwise discussed, it is expected the implementations will be developed
from their respective main branch (i.e. backporting is not required), to
demonstrate that the feature is mergeable to its implementation.

3. Ratification: After the first two steps are complete, a formal vote is held on
   dev@parquet.apache.org to officially ratify the feature.  After the vote
   passes, the format change is merged into the `parquet-format` repository and
   it is expected the changes from step 2 will also be merged soon after
   (implementations should not be merged until the addition has been merged to
   `parquet-format`).

#### General guidelines/preferences on additions

1. To the greatest extent possible changes should have an option for forward
   compatibility (old readers can still read files). The [compatibility and
   feature enablement](#compatibility-and-feature-enablement) section below 
   provides more details on expectations for changes that break compatibility.

2. New encodings should be fully specified in this repository and not

>    rely on an external dependency for implementation (i.e. `parquet-format` is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   rely on external dependencies for implementation (i.e. `parquet-format` is
```

Author: Applied, thanks!
